# # CloudArchivedFilesArchiveFilesInner

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**download_url** | **string** | The URL at which to download the the archive file.    **JWT apps**    To access a private or password-protected archive file of a user in your account, use a [Zoom JWT app](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/guides/getting-started/app-types/create-jwt-app). Use the generated JWT token as the value of the &#x60;access_token&#x60; query parameter and include this query parameter at the end of the URL.    &#x60;https://{{base-domain}}/rec/archive/download/{{path-to-file-download}}?access_token&#x3D;{{JWT-token}}&#x60;    **OAuth apps**    If a user has authorized and installed your OAuth app that contains recording scopes, use the user&#39;s [OAuth access token](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/guides/auth/oauth) to download the file. For example:    &#x60;https://{{base-domain}}/rec/archive/download/xxx?access_token&#x3D;{{OAuth-access-token}}&#x60;    **Note:** This field does **not** return for [Zoom On-Premise accounts](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360034064852-Zoom-On-Premise-Deployment). Instead, this API will return the &#x60;file_path&#x60; field. |
**file_extension** | **string** | The archived file&#39;s extension. |
**file_path** | **string** | The file path to the On-Premise account archive file.    **Note:** The API only returns this field for [Zoom On-Premise accounts](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360034064852-Zoom-On-Premise-Deployment). It does **not** return the &#x60;download_url&#x60; field. | [optional]
**file_size** | **int** | The archived file&#39;s size, in bytes. |
**file_type** | **string** | The archive file&#39;s type:  * &#x60;MP4&#x60; — Video file.  * &#x60;M4A&#x60; — Audio-only file.  * &#x60;TRANSCRIPT&#x60; — A transcription file, in VTT format.  * &#x60;CHAT&#x60; — A TXT file containing in-meeting chat messages.  * &#x60;CC&#x60; — A file containing the closed captions of the recording, in VTT file format.  * &#x60;CSV&#x60; — A file containing polling data, in CSV format.  * &#x60;CHAT_MESSAGE&#x60; — A JSON file containing chat messages. The file also includes message deletions, chat reactions, and emojis. |
**id** | **string** | The archive file&#39;s unique ID. |
**individual** | **bool** | Whether the archive file is an individual recording file:  * &#x60;true&#x60; — An individual recording file.   * &#x60;false&#x60; — An entire meeting file. |
**participant_email** | **string** | The individual recording file&#39;s participant email address. This value is returned when the &#x60;individual&#x60; value is &#x60;true&#x60;. If the participant is **not** part of the host&#39;s account, this returns an empty string value, with some exceptions. See [Email address display rules](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/using-zoom-apis#email-address) for details. | [optional]
**participant_join_time** | **\DateTime** | The individual recording file&#39;s participant join time. This value is returned when the &#x60;individual&#x60; value is &#x60;true&#x60;. |
**participant_leave_time** | **\DateTime** | The individual recording file&#39;s participant leave time. This value is returned when the &#x60;individual&#x60; value is &#x60;true&#x60;. |
**recording_type** | **string** | The archive file&#39;s recording type:  * &#x60;shared_screen_with_speaker_view(CC)&#x60;  * &#x60;shared_screen_with_speaker_view&#x60;  * &#x60;shared_screen_with_gallery_view&#x60;  * &#x60;gallery_view&#x60;  * &#x60;shared_screen&#x60;  * &#x60;audio_only&#x60;  * &#x60;audio_transcript&#x60;  * &#x60;chat_file&#x60;  * &#x60;active_speaker&#x60;  * &#x60;host_video&#x60;  * &#x60;audio_only_each_participant&#x60;  * &#x60;cc_transcript&#x60;  * &#x60;closed_caption&#x60;  * &#x60;poll&#x60;  * &#x60;timeline&#x60;  * &#x60;thumbnail&#x60;  * &#x60;chat_message&#x60;    For more information, read our [Managing and sharing cloud recordings](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/205347605-Managing-and-sharing-cloud-recordings#h_9898497b-e736-4980-a749-d55608f10773) documentation. |
**status** | **string** | The archived file&#39;s processing status:  * &#x60;completed&#x60; — The processing of the file is complete.  * &#x60;processing&#x60; — The file is processing.  * &#x60;failed&#x60; — The processing of the file failed. |
**encryption_fingerprint** | **string** | The archived file&#39;s encryption fingerprint. |
**number_of_messages** | **int** | The number of &#x60;TXT&#x60; or &#x60;JSON&#x60; file messages. This field will return only when the &#x60;file_extension&#x60; is &#x60;JSON&#x60; or &#x60;TXT&#x60; | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
