# # DashboardMeetingParticipants200ResponseAllOfParticipantsInner

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**audio_quality** | **string** | The participant&#39;s [audio quality score](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360061244651-Using-meeting-quality-scores-and-network-alerts). The API only returns this value when the **Meeting quality scores and network alerts on Dashboard** setting is enabled in the Zoom Web Portal and the **Show meeting quality score and network alerts on Dashboard** option is selected in [**Account Settings**](https://zoom.us/account/setting):  * &#x60;good&#x60; — The audio is almost flawless and the quality is excellent.  * &#x60;fair&#x60; — The audio occasionally has distortion, noise, and other problems, but the content is basically continuous. Participants can communicate normally.  * &#x60;poor&#x60; — The audio often has distortion, noise, and other problems, but the content is basically continuous. Participants can communicate normally.  * &#x60;bad&#x60; — The sound quality is extremely poor and the audio content is almost inaudible. | [optional]
**camera** | **string** | The type of camera that the participant used during the meeting.   **Note:** This response returns an empty string (&#x60;““&#x60;) value for any users who are **not** a part of the host&#39;s account (external users). | [optional]
**connection_type** | **string** | The participant&#39;s connection type. | [optional]
**customer_key** | **string** | The participant&#39;s SDK identifier. This value can be alphanumeric, up to a maximum length of 15 characters. | [optional]
**data_center** | **string** | The data center where participant&#39;s meeting data is stored. | [optional]
**device** | **string** | The type of device the participant used to join the meeting:  * &#x60;Phone&#x60; — The participant joined via PSTN.  * &#x60;H.323/SIP&#x60; — The participant joined via an H.323 or SIP device.  * &#x60;Windows&#x60; — The participant joined via VoIP using a Windows device.  * &#x60;Mac&#x60; — The participant joined via VoIP using a Mac device.  * &#x60;iOS&#x60; — The participant joined via VoIP using an iOS device.  * &#x60;Android&#x60; — The participant joined via VoIP using an Android device.   **Note:** This response returns an empty string (&#x60;““&#x60;) value for any users who are **not** a part of the host&#39;s account (external users). | [optional]
**domain** | **string** | The participant&#39;s PC domain.   **Note:** This response returns an empty string (&#x60;““&#x60;) value for any users who are **not** a part of the host&#39;s account (external users). | [optional]
**email** | **string** | The participant&#39;s email address. If the participant is **not** part of the host&#39;s account, this returns an empty string value, with some exceptions. See [Email address display rules](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/using-zoom-apis#email-address) for details. | [optional]
**from_sip_uri** | **string** | The meeting participant&#39;s SIP From header URI. The API only returns this response when the participant joins a meeting via SIP. | [optional]
**full_data_center** | **string** | The data center where participant&#39;s meeting data is stored. This field includes a semicolon-separated list of HTTP Tunnel (HT), Cloud Room Connector (CRC), and Real-Time Web Gateway (RWG) location information. | [optional]
**harddisk_id** | **string** | The participant&#39;s hard disk ID.   **Note:** This response returns an empty string (&#x60;““&#x60;) value for any users who are **not** a part of the host&#39;s account (external users). | [optional]
**id** | **string** | The participant&#39;s universally unique ID. This value is the same as the participant&#39;s user ID if the participant joins the meeting by logging into Zoom. If the participant joins the meeting without logging into Zoom, this returns an empty value. | [optional]
**in_room_participants** | **int** | The number of participants that joined via Zoom Room. | [optional]
**ip_address** | **string** | The participant&#39;s IP address. | [optional]
**join_time** | **\DateTime** | The time at which participant joined the meeting. | [optional]
**leave_reason** | **string** | The reason why the participant left the meeting, where &#x60;$name&#x60; is the participant&#39;s username:  * &#x60;$name left the meeting.&#x60;  * &#x60;$name got disconnected from the meeting.&#x60;  * &#x60;Host ended the meeting.&#x60;  * &#x60;Host closed the meeting.&#x60;  * &#x60;Host started a new meeting.&#x60;  * &#x60;Network connection error.&#x60;  * &#x60;Host did not join.&#x60;  * &#x60;Exceeded free meeting minutes limit.&#x60;  * &#x60;Removed by host.&#x60;  * &#x60;Unknown reason.&#x60;  * &#x60;Leave waiting room.&#x60;  * &#x60;Removed by host from waiting room.&#x60; | [optional]
**leave_time** | **\DateTime** | The time at which a participant left the meeting. For live meetings, this field will only return if a participant has left the ongoing meeting. | [optional]
**location** | **string** | The participant&#39;s location. | [optional]
**mac_addr** | **string** | The participant&#39;s MAC address.   **Note:** This response returns an empty string (&#x60;““&#x60;) value for any users who are **not** a part of the host&#39;s account (external users). | [optional]
**microphone** | **string** | The type of microphone that the participant used during the meeting.   **Note:** This response returns an empty string (&#x60;““&#x60;) value for any users who are **not** a part of the host&#39;s account (external users). | [optional]
**network_type** | **string** | The participant&#39;s network type:   * &#x60;Wired&#x60;  * &#x60;Wifi&#x60;  * &#x60;PPP&#x60; — Point-to-Point.  * &#x60;Cellular&#x60; — 3G, 4G, and 5G cellular.  * &#x60;Others&#x60; — An unknown device. | [optional]
**participant_user_id** | **string** | The participant&#39;s universally unique ID (UUID):  * If the participant joins the meeting by logging into Zoom, this value is the &#x60;id&#x60; value in the [**Get a user**](/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/methods#operation/user) API response.  * If the participant joins the meeting **without** logging into Zoom, this returns an empty string value. | [optional]
**pc_name** | **string** | The participant&#39;s PC name. | [optional]
**recording** | **bool** | Whether the recording feature was used during the meeting. | [optional]
**registrant_id** | **string** | The participant&#39;s unique registrant ID. This field only returns if you pass the &#x60;registrant_id&#x60; value for the &#x60;include_fields&#x60; query parameter.   This field does not return if the &#x60;type&#x60; query parameter is the &#x60;live&#x60; value. | [optional]
**role** | **string** | The participant&#39;s role:  * &#x60;host&#x60; — Host.  * &#x60;attendee&#x60; — Attendee. | [optional]
**screen_share_quality** | **string** | The participant&#39;s [screen share quality score](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360061244651-Using-meeting-quality-scores-and-network-alerts). The API only returns this value when the **Meeting quality scores and network alerts on Dashboard** setting is enabled in the Zoom Web Portal and the **Show meeting quality score and network alerts on Dashboard** option is selected in [**Account Settings**](https://zoom.us/account/setting):  * &#x60;good&#x60; — The video is almost flawless and the quality is excellent.  * &#x60;fair&#x60; — The video definition is high, occasionally gets stuck, fast or slow, or other problems, but the frequency is very low and the video quality is good.  * &#x60;poor&#x60; — The video definition is not high, but not many problems exist. The video quality is mediocre.  * &#x60;bad&#x60; — The picture is very blurred and often gets stuck. | [optional]
**share_application** | **bool** | Whether the participant chose to share an iPhone/iPad app during the screenshare. | [optional]
**share_desktop** | **bool** | Whether the participant chose to share their desktop during the screenshare. | [optional]
**share_whiteboard** | **bool** | Whether the participant chose to share their whiteboard during the screenshare. | [optional]
**sip_uri** | **string** | The meeting participant&#39;s SIP (Session Initiation Protocol) Contact header URI. The API only returns this response when the participant joins a meeting via SIP. | [optional]
**speaker** | **string** | The type of speaker that the participant used during the meeting.   **Note:** This response returns an empty string (&#x60;““&#x60;) value for any users who are **not** a part of the host&#39;s account (external users). | [optional]
**status** | **string** | The participant&#39;s status:  * &#x60;in_meeting&#x60; — In a meeting.  * &#x60;in_waiting_room&#x60; — In a waiting room. | [optional]
**user_id** | **string** | The participant&#39;s ID. This value assigned to a participant upon joining a meeting and is only valid for the meeting&#39;s duration. | [optional]
**user_name** | **string** | The participant&#39;s display name. | [optional]
**version** | **string** | The participant&#39;s Zoom client version. | [optional]
**video_quality** | **string** | The participant&#39;s [video quality score](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360061244651-Using-meeting-quality-scores-and-network-alerts). The API only returns this value when the **Meeting quality scores and network alerts on Dashboard** setting is enabled in the Zoom Web Portal and the **Show meeting quality score and network alerts on Dashboard** option is selected in [**Account Settings**](https://zoom.us/account/setting):  * &#x60;good&#x60; — The video is almost flawless and the quality is excellent.  * &#x60;fair&#x60; — The video definition is high, occasionally gets stuck, fast or slow, or other problems, but the frequency is very low and the video quality is good.  * &#x60;poor&#x60; — The video definition is not high, but not many problems exist. The video quality is mediocre.  * &#x60;bad&#x60; — The picture is very blurred and often gets stuck. | [optional]
**bo_mtg_id** | **string** | The [breakout room](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206476313-Managing-breakout-rooms) ID. Each breakout room is assigned a unique ID. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
