# # InlineResponse20111

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**agenda** | **string** | Agenda | [optional] 
**assistant_id** | **string** | Unique identifier of the scheduler who scheduled this meeting on behalf of the host. This field is only returned if you used \&quot;schedule_for\&quot; option in the [Create a Meeting API request](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/meetings/meetingcreate). | [optional] 
**created_at** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The date and time at which this meeting was created. | [optional] 
**duration** | **int** | Meeting duration | [optional] 
**h323_password** | **string** | H.323/SIP room system password | [optional] 
**host_email** | **string** | Email address of the meeting host. | [optional] 
**id** | **int** | [Meeting ID](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362373-What-is-a-Meeting-ID-): Unique identifier of the meeting in \&quot;**long**\&quot; format(represented as int64 data type in JSON), also known as the meeting number. | [optional] 
**join_url** | **string** | URL for participants to join the meeting. This URL should only be shared with users that you would like to invite for the meeting. | [optional] 
**occurrences** | [**\Zoom\Api\Model\InlineResponse20111Occurrences[]**](InlineResponse20111Occurrences.md) | Array of occurrence objects. | [optional] 
**password** | **string** | Meeting password. Password may only contain the following characters: &#x60;[a-z A-Z 0-9 @ - _ * !]&#x60;  If \&quot;Require a password when scheduling new meetings\&quot; setting has been **enabled** **and** [locked](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005269866-Using-Tiered-Settings#locked) for the user, the password field will be autogenerated in the response even if it is not provided in the API request. | [optional] 
**pmi** | **int** | Personal Meeting Id. Only used for scheduled meetings and recurring meetings with no fixed time. | [optional] 
**recurrence** | [**\Zoom\Api\Model\UsersUserIdMeetingsRecurrence**](UsersUserIdMeetingsRecurrence.md) |  | [optional] 
**settings** | [**\Zoom\Api\Model\InlineResponse20111Settings**](InlineResponse20111Settings.md) |  | [optional] 
**start_time** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Meeting start date-time in UTC/GMT. Example: \&quot;2020-03-31T12:02:00Z\&quot; | [optional] 
**start_url** | **string** | URL to start the meeting. This URL should only be used by the host of the meeting and **should not be shared with anyone other than the host** of the meeting as anyone with this URL will be able to login to the Zoom Client as the host of the meeting. | [optional] 
**timezone** | **string** | Timezone to format start_time | [optional] 
**topic** | **string** | Meeting topic | [optional] 
**tracking_fields** | [**\Zoom\Api\Model\InlineResponse20111TrackingFields[]**](InlineResponse20111TrackingFields.md) | Tracking fields | [optional] 
**type** | **int** | Meeting Type | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)


