# # MeetingInfo

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**agenda** | **string** | Agenda | [optional]
**created_at** | **\DateTime** | The date and time at which this meeting was created. | [optional]
**duration** | **int** | Meeting duration. | [optional]
**h323_password** | **string** | H.323/SIP room system password | [optional]
**join_url** | **string** | URL for participants to join the meeting. This URL should only be shared with users that you would like to invite for the meeting. | [optional]
**occurrences** | [**\Zoom\Api\Model\Occurrence[]**](Occurrence.md) | Array of occurrence objects. | [optional]
**password** | **string** | Meeting password. Password may only contain the following characters: &#x60;[a-z A-Z 0-9 @ - _ * !]&#x60;  If \&quot;Require a password when scheduling new meetings\&quot; setting has been **enabled** **and** [locked](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005269866-Using-Tiered-Settings#locked) for the user, the password field will be autogenerated in the response even if it is not provided in the API request. | [optional]
**pmi** | **int** | [Personal Meeting ID (PMI)](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/using-zoom-apis#understanding-personal-meeting-id-pmi). Only used for scheduled meetings and recurring meetings with no fixed time. | [optional]
**pre_schedule** | **bool** | Whether the prescheduled meeting was created via the [GSuite app](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360020187492-Zoom-for-GSuite-add-on). This **only** supports the meeting &#x60;type&#x60; value of &#x60;2&#x60; (scheduled meetings) and &#x60;3&#x60; (recurring meetings with no fixed time):  * &#x60;true&#x60; — A GSuite prescheduled meeting.  * &#x60;false&#x60; — A regular meeting. | [optional] [default to false]
**recurrence** | [**\Zoom\Api\Model\Recurrence**](Recurrence.md) |  | [optional]
**settings** | [**\Zoom\Api\Model\MeetingSettings**](MeetingSettings.md) |  | [optional]
**start_time** | **\DateTime** | Meeting start date-time in UTC/GMT. Example: \&quot;2020-03-31T12:02:00Z\&quot; | [optional]
**start_url** | **string** | URL to start the meeting. This URL should only be used by the host of the meeting and **should not be shared with anyone other than the host** of the meeting as anyone with this URL will be able to login to the Zoom Client as the host of the meeting. | [optional]
**timezone** | **string** | Timezone to format start_time | [optional]
**topic** | **string** | Meeting topic | [optional]
**tracking_fields** | [**\Zoom\Api\Model\MeetingInfoTrackingFieldsInner[]**](MeetingInfoTrackingFieldsInner.md) | Tracking fields | [optional]
**type** | **int** | Meeting Type | [optional] [default to self::TYPE_2]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
