# # MeetingCreate

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**agenda** | **string** | The meeting&#39;s agenda. This value has a maximum length of 2,000 characters. | [optional]
**default_password** | **bool** | Whether to generate a default password using the user&#39;s settings. This value defaults to &#x60;false&#x60;.   If this value is &#x60;true&#x60; and the user has the PMI setting enabled with a password, then the user&#39;s meetings will use the PMI password. It will **not** use a default password. | [optional] [default to false]
**duration** | **int** | The meeting&#39;s scheduled duration, in minutes. This field is only used for scheduled meetings (&#x60;2&#x60;). | [optional]
**password** | **string** | The password required to join the meeting. By default, a password can **only** have a maximum length of 10 characters and only contain alphanumeric characters and the &#x60;@&#x60;, &#x60;-&#x60;, &#x60;_&#x60;, and &#x60;*&#x60; characters.  * If the account owner or administrator has configured [minimum passcode requirement settings](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360033559832-Meeting-and-webinar-passwords#h_a427384b-e383-4f80-864d-794bf0a37604), the password **must** meet those requirements.  * If password requirements are enabled, use the [**Get user settings**](/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/methods#operation/userSettings) API or the [**Get account settings**](/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/ma#operation/accountSettings) API to get the requirements. | [optional]
**pre_schedule** | **bool** | Whether to create a prescheduled meeting via the [GSuite app](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360020187492-Zoom-for-GSuite-add-on). This **only** supports the meeting &#x60;type&#x60; value of &#x60;2&#x60; (scheduled meetings) and &#x60;3&#x60; (recurring meetings with no fixed time):  * &#x60;true&#x60; — Create a prescheduled meeting.  * &#x60;false&#x60; — Create a regular meeting. | [optional] [default to false]
**recurrence** | [**\Zoom\Api\Model\Recurrence**](Recurrence.md) |  | [optional]
**schedule_for** | **string** | The email address or user ID of the user to schedule a meeting for. | [optional]
**settings** | [**\Zoom\Api\Model\MeetingCreateSettings**](MeetingCreateSettings.md) |  | [optional]
**start_time** | **\DateTime** | The meeting&#39;s start time. This field is only used for scheduled and/or recurring meetings with a fixed time. This supports local time and GMT formats.  * To set a meeting&#39;s start time in GMT, use the &#x60;yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ&#x60; date-time format. For example, &#x60;2020-03-31T12:02:00Z&#x60;.  * To set a meeting&#39;s start time using a specific timezone, use the &#x60;yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ss&#x60; date-time format and specify the [timezone ID](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/other-references/abbreviation-lists#timezones) in the &#x60;timezone&#x60; field. If you do not specify a timezone, the &#x60;timezone&#x60; value defaults to your Zoom account&#39;s timezone. You can also use &#x60;UTC&#x60; for the &#x60;timezone&#x60; value. | [optional]
**template_id** | **string** | The **account admin meeting template** ID with which to schedule a meeting using a [meeting template](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360036559151-Meeting-templates). For a list of account admin-provided meeting templates, use the [**List meeting templates**](/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/methods#operation/listMeetingTemplates) API.  * At this time, this field **only** accepts account admin meeting template IDs.  * To enable the account admin meeting templates feature, [contact Zoom support](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us). | [optional]
**timezone** | **string** | The timezone to assign to the &#x60;start_time&#x60; value. This field is only used for scheduled meetings (&#x60;2&#x60;).  For a list of supported timezones and their format, refer to our [timezone list documentation](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/other-references/abbreviation-lists#timezones). | [optional]
**topic** | **string** | The meeting&#39;s topic. | [optional]
**tracking_fields** | [**\Zoom\Api\Model\MeetingCreateTrackingFieldsInner[]**](MeetingCreateTrackingFieldsInner.md) | Information about the meeting&#39;s tracking fields. | [optional]
**type** | **int** | The type of meeting: * &#x60;1&#x60; — An instant meeting.  * &#x60;2&#x60; — A scheduled meeting.  * &#x60;3&#x60; — A recurring meeting with no fixed time.  * &#x60;8&#x60; — A recurring meeting with fixed time. | [optional] [default to self::TYPE_2]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
