# # Recording

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**deleted_time** | **string** | The time at which recording was deleted. Returned in the response only for trash query. | [optional]
**download_url** | **string** | The URL at which to download the the recording.   **JWT apps**   To access a private or password-protected cloud recording of a user in your account, use a [Zoom JWT app](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/guides/getting-started/app-types/create-jwt-app). Use the generated JWT token as the value of the &#x60;access_token&#x60; query parameter and include this query parameter at the end of the URL. For example:   &#x60;https://{{base-domain}}/rec/download/{{path-to-file-download}}?access_token&#x3D;{{JWT-token}}&#x60;   **OAuth apps**   If a user has authorized and installed your OAuth app that contains recording scopes, use the user&#39;s [OAuth access token](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/guides/auth/oauth) to download the file. For example:   &#x60;https://{{base-domain}}/rec/archive/download/xxx?access_token&#x3D;{{OAuth-access-token}}&#x60;   **Note:** This field does **not** return for [Zoom On-Premise accounts](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360034064852-Zoom-On-Premise-Deployment). Instead, this API will return the &#x60;file_path&#x60; field. | [optional]
**file_path** | **string** | The file path to the On-Premise account recording.   **Note:** This API only returns this field for [Zoom On-Premise accounts](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360034064852-Zoom-On-Premise-Deployment). It does **not** return the &#x60;download_url&#x60; field. | [optional]
**file_size** | **float** | The recording file size. | [optional]
**file_type** | **string** | The recording file type. The value of this field could be one of the following:&lt;br&gt; &#x60;MP4&#x60;: Video file of the recording.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;M4A&#x60; Audio-only file of the recording.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;TIMELINE&#x60;: Timestamp file of the recording in JSON file format. To get a timeline file, the \&quot;Add a timestamp to the recording\&quot; setting must be enabled in the [recording settings](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/203741855-Cloud-recording#h_3f14c3a4-d16b-4a3c-bbe5-ef7d24500048). The time will display in the host&#39;s timezone, set on their Zoom profile. &lt;br&gt; &#x60;TRANSCRIPT&#x60;: Transcription file of the recording in VTT format.&lt;br&gt; &#x60;CHAT&#x60;: A TXT file containing in-meeting chat messages that were sent during the meeting.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;CC&#x60;: File containing closed captions of the recording in VTT file format.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;CSV&#x60;: File containing polling data in csv format.  &lt;br&gt;  A recording file object with file type of either &#x60;CC&#x60; or &#x60;TIMELINE&#x60; **does not have** the following properties:&lt;br&gt;  &#x60;id&#x60;, &#x60;status&#x60;, &#x60;file_size&#x60;, &#x60;recording_type&#x60;, and &#x60;play_url&#x60;. | [optional]
**id** | **string** | The recording file ID. Included in the response of general query. | [optional]
**meeting_id** | **string** | The meeting ID. | [optional]
**play_url** | **string** | The URL using which a recording file can be played. | [optional]
**recording_end** | **string** | The recording end time. Response in general query. | [optional]
**recording_start** | **string** | The recording start time. | [optional]
**recording_type** | **string** | The recording type. The value of this field can be one of the following:&lt;br&gt;&#x60;shared_screen_with_speaker_view(CC)&#x60;&lt;br&gt;&#x60;shared_screen_with_speaker_view&#x60;&lt;br&gt;&#x60;shared_screen_with_gallery_view&#x60;&lt;br&gt;&#x60;speaker_view&#x60;&lt;br&gt;&#x60;gallery_view&#x60;&lt;br&gt;&#x60;shared_screen&#x60;&lt;br&gt;&#x60;audio_only&#x60;&lt;br&gt;&#x60;audio_transcript&#x60;&lt;br&gt;&#x60;chat_file&#x60;&lt;br&gt;&#x60;active_speaker&#x60;&lt;br&gt;&#x60;poll&#x60;&lt;br&gt;&#x60;timeline&#x60;&lt;br&gt;&#x60;closed_caption&#x60;&lt;br&gt;&#x60;audio_interpretation&#x60; | [optional]
**status** | **string** | The recording status. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
