# # SessionWebinarUpdate

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**topic** | **string** | Webinar topic. | [optional] 
**type** | **int** | Webinar Types:&lt;br&gt;&#x60;5&#x60; - webinar.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;6&#x60; - Recurring webinar with no fixed time.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;9&#x60; - Recurring webinar with a fixed time. | [optional] 
**start_time** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Webinar start time, in the format \&quot;yyyy-MM-dd&#39;T&#39;HH:mm:ss&#39;Z&#39;.\&quot; Should be in GMT time. In the format \&quot;yyyy-MM-dd&#39;T&#39;HH:mm:ss.\&quot; This should be in local time and the timezone should be specified. Only used for scheduled webinars and recurring webinars with a fixed time. | [optional] 
**duration** | **int** | Webinar duration (minutes). Used for scheduled webinar only. | [optional] 
**timezone** | **string** | Time zone to format start_time. For example, \&quot;America/Los_Angeles\&quot;. For scheduled meetings only. Please reference our [time zone](#timezones) list for supported time zones and their formats. | [optional] 
**password** | **string** | [Webinar passcode](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360033559832-Meeting-and-webinar-passwords). By default, passcode may only contain the following characters: [a-z A-Z 0-9 @ - _ * !] and can have a maximum of 10 characters.  **Note:** If the account owner or the admin has configured [minimum passcode requirement settings](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360033559832-Meeting-and-webinar-passwords#h_a427384b-e383-4f80-864d-794bf0a37604), the passcode value provided here must meet those requirements. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;If the requirements are enabled, you can view those requirements by calling either the [Get User Settings API](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/users/usersettings) or the  [Get Account Settings](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/accounts/accountsettings) API.   If \&quot;**Require a passcode when scheduling new meetings**\&quot; setting has been **enabled** **and** [locked](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005269866-Using-Tiered-Settings#locked) for the user, the passcode field will be autogenerated for the Webinar in the response even if it is not provided in the API request. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt; | [optional] 
**agenda** | **string** | Webinar description. | [optional] 
**tracking_fields** | [**\Zoom\Api\Model\InlineResponse20119TrackingFields[]**](InlineResponse20119TrackingFields.md) | Tracking fields | [optional] 
**recurrence** | [**\Zoom\Api\Model\UsersUserIdMeetingsRecurrence**](UsersUserIdMeetingsRecurrence.md) |  | [optional] 
**settings** | **object** |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)


