# WebinarInfo

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**topic** | **string** | Webinar topic. | [optional] 
**type** | **int** | Webinar Types:&lt;br&gt;&#x60;5&#x60; - Webinar.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;6&#x60; - Recurring webinar with no fixed time.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;9&#x60; - Recurring webinar with a fixed time. | [optional] 
**start_time** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Webinar start time in GMT/UTC. | [optional] 
**duration** | **int** | Webinar duration. | [optional] 
**timezone** | **string** | Time zone to format start_time. | [optional] 
**agenda** | **string** | Webinar agenda. | [optional] 
**created_at** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Create time. | [optional] 
**start_url** | **string** | &lt;br&gt;&lt;aside&gt;The &lt;code&gt;start_url&lt;/code&gt; of a Webinar is a URL using which a host or an alternative host can start the Webinar. This URL should only be used by the host of the meeting and should not be shared with anyone other than the host of the Webinar.   The expiration time for the &lt;code&gt;start_url&lt;/code&gt; field listed in the response of [Create a Webinar API](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/webinars/webinarcreate) is two hours for all regular users.    For users created using the &lt;code&gt;custCreate&lt;/code&gt; option via the [Create Users](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/users/usercreate) API, the expiration time of the &lt;code&gt;start_url&lt;/code&gt; field is 90 days.   For security reasons, to retrieve the latest value for the &lt;code&gt;start_url&lt;/code&gt; field programmatically (after expiry), you must call the [Retrieve a Webinar API](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/webinars/webinar) and refer to the value of the &lt;code&gt;start_url&lt;/code&gt; field in the response.&lt;/aside&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt; | [optional] 
**join_url** | **string** | URL to join the Webinar. This URL should only be shared with the users who should be invited to the Webinar. | [optional] 
**tracking_fields** | [**\Zoom\Api\Model\InlineResponse20119TrackingFields[]**](InlineResponse20119TrackingFields.md) | Tracking fields | [optional] 
**occurrences** | [**\Zoom\Api\Model\InlineResponse20111Occurrences[]**](InlineResponse20111Occurrences.md) | Array of occurrence objects. | [optional] 
**settings** | [**\Zoom\Api\Model\InlineResponse20119Settings**](InlineResponse20119Settings.md) |  | [optional] 
**recurrence** | [**\Zoom\Api\Model\RecurrenceWebinar**](RecurrenceWebinar.md) |  | [optional] 
**password** | **string** | Webinar passcode.   If \&quot;Require a passcode when scheduling new meetings\&quot; setting has been **enabled** **and** [locked](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005269866-Using-Tiered-Settings#locked) for the user, the passcode field will be autogenerated for the Webinar in the response even if it is not provided in the API request. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt; **Note:** If the account owner or the admin has configured [minimum passcode requirement settings](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360033559832-Meeting-and-webinar-passwords#h_a427384b-e383-4f80-864d-794bf0a37604), the passcode value provided here must meet those requirements. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;If the requirements are enabled, you can view those requirements by calling either the [Get User Settings API](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/users/usersettings) or the  [Get Account Settings](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/zoom-api/accounts/accountsettings) API. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


