# # ZoomRoomsControlsRequestParams

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**calendar_id** | **string** | This field applies to the &#39;zoomroom.check_in&#39; and &#39;zoomroom.check_out&#39; methods. This field is only required if Google Calendar is being used for the event associated with the Zoom Room. The value for this field can be retrieved by calling Google&#39;s [CalendarList:list API](https://developers.google.com/calendar/v3/reference/events/list) and referring to the \&quot;id\&quot; field included in the [calendarList resource](https://developers.google.com/calendar/v3/reference/calendarList#resource). | [optional]
**change_key** | **string** | This field applies to the &#39;zoomroom.check_in&#39; and &#39;zoomroom.check_out&#39; methods. This field is required only for Microsoft Exchange or Office 365  calendar. The change key represents the specific version of the calendar item and can be retrieved by using Microsoft&#39;s [FindItem Operation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/client-developer/web-service-reference/finditem-operation) and referring to the ChangeKey field of the ItemId Element included in the operation response.&lt;br&gt; | [optional]
**event_id** | **string** | This field applies to the &#39;zoomroom.check_in&#39; and &#39;zoomroom.check_out&#39; methods and is required. Unique Identifier of the calendar event associated with the Zoom Room.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;If the calendar integration being used is Microsoft Exchange, the value for this field can be retrieved by using Microsoft&#39;s [FindItem Operation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/client-developer/web-service-reference/finditem-operation) and referring to the Id field of the ItemId Element included in the operation response.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;If the Google calendar integration was used for this event, the event_id can be retrieved by calling Google&#39;s [Events:list API](https://developers.google.com/calendar/v3/reference/events/list) and referring to the \&quot;id\&quot; field included in the [events resource](https://developers.google.com/calendar/v3/reference/events#resource). | [optional]
**resource_email** | **string** | This field applies to the &#39;zoomroom.check_in&#39; and &#39;zoomroom.check_out&#39; methods. This field is only required for Microsoft Exchange / Office 365 Calendar. It is the [resource mailbox](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/10063/creating-and-managing-resource-mailboxes-in-office-365) associated with the calendar. | [optional]
**meeting_number** | **string** | This field applies to the &#39;zoomroom.meeting_join&#39; method and is required. The meeting&#39;s number. If the value of this field is provided, join the meeting. If the value of this field is not provided, start an [instant meeting](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362533-Instant-meetings-vs-scheduled-meetings). | [optional]
**passcode** | **string** | This field applies to the &#39;zoomroom.meeting_join&#39; method. The passcode to join the meeting. | [optional]
**force_accept** | **bool** | This field applies to the &#39;zoomroom.meeting_join&#39; method. Whether to force a user to immediately join the meeting. If true, this forces the user to leave any current meetings and immediately join the meeting passed in the meeting_number value. | [optional]
**user_ids** | **string[]** | This field applies to the &#39;zoomroom.meeting_join&#39; method and is required. A comma-separated list of callee user IDs, up to a maximum of 10 callees. | [optional]
**meeting_topic** | **string** | This field applies to the &#39;zoomroom.meeting_cancel&#39; method and is required. The meeting&#39;s topic, up to 200 characters. | [optional]
**start_time** | **string** | This field applies to the &#39;zoomroom.meeting_cancel&#39; method and is required. The meeting&#39;s start time, in ISO date-time format. You can use time in 0 timezone, if you use this value with timezone, you must pass the timezone field. | [optional]
**duration** | **int** | This field applies to the &#39;zoomroom.meeting_cancel&#39; method and is required. The scheduled meeting duration, in minutes. | [optional]
**timezone** | **string** | This field applies to the &#39;zoomroom.meeting_cancel&#39; method. The meeting&#39;s [timezone](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/other-references/abbreviation-lists/#timezones). This parameter is optional if the &#39;start_time&#39; value includes a timezone offset. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
